README.md, before:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/angular/universal/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/angular/universal/tree/master)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/angular/universal](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/angular/universal?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

# Angular Universal

![Angular Universal](https://angular.io/generated/images/marketing/concept-icons/universal.png)

# Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Getting Started with Universal](#getting-started)
- [Packages](#packages)
- [Universal "Gotchas"](#universal-gotchas)
- [Preboot](#preboot)
- [What's in a name?](#whats-in-a-name)
- [Universal Team](#universal-team)
- [License](#license)

---

# Introduction

The Angular Universal project is a community driven project to expand on the core APIs from Angular (platform-server) to enable developers to do server side rendering of Angular applications in a variety of scenarios.

This repository will host the various tools like engines to integrate with various backends(NodeJS, ASP.NET etc.) and also extra modules and examples to help you started with server side rendering.

The Universal project is driven by community contributions. Please send us your Pull Requests!

# Getting Started

[Angular Universal Guide](https://angular.io/guide/universal)

# Packages

The packages from this repo are published as scoped packages under [@nguniversal](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=%40nguniversal)

- [@nguniversal/common](/modules/common/README.md)
- [@nguniversal/builders](/modules/builders/README.md)
- [@nguniversal/express-engine](/modules/express-engine/README.md)
- [@nguniversal/aspnetcore-engine](/modules/aspnetcore-engine/README.md)
- [@nguniversal/hapi-engine](/modules/hapi-engine/README.md)
- [@nguniversal/socket-engine](/modules/socket-engine)

# Universal "Gotchas"

Moved to [/docs/gotchas.md](/docs/gotchas.md)

# Preboot

Control server-rendered page and transfer state before client-side web app loads to the client-side-app. [Repo](https://github.com/angular/preboot)

# What's in a name?

We believe that using the word "universal" is correct when referring to a JavaScript Application that runs in more environments than the browser. (inspired by [Universal JavaScript](https://medium.com/@mjackson/universal-javascript-4761051b7ae9))

# Universal Team

- [Adam Plumer](https://github.com/CaerusKaru) and [Fabian Wiles](https://github.com/Toxicable) - Current maintainers
- [PatrickJS](https://twitter.com/gdi2290) and [Jeff Whelpley](https://twitter.com/jeffwhelpley) - Founders of the Angular Universal project. (Universal rendering is also called [PatrickJS-ing](https://twitter.com/jeffbcross/status/846512930971516928))
- [Mark Pieszak](https://twitter.com/MarkPieszak) - Contributor and Evangelist, ASP.NET Core Engine
- [Jason Jean](https://github.com/FrozenPandaz) - Express engine and Universal support for CLI
- [Wassim Chegham](https://twitter.com/manekinekko) - Contributor and Evangelist, Hapi engine developer.
  - [Angular for the rest of us](https://medium.com/google-developer-experts/angular-universal-for-the-rest-of-us-922ca8bac84)
  - [Angular outside the browser](http://slides.com/wassimchegham/angular2-universal#/)
- [Jeff Cross](https://twitter.com/jeffbcross) - Evangelist and performance consultant
- [Keen Yee Liau](https://twitter.com/liauky) and [Alex Rickabaugh](https://github.com/alxhub) - Angular Core API

# License

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](/LICENSE)

Commit message:

docs: add a link of the contributing guidelines to README

README.md, after:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/angular/universal/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/angular/universal/tree/master)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/angular/universal](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/angular/universal?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

# Angular Universal

![Angular Universal](https://angular.io/generated/images/marketing/concept-icons/universal.png)

# Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Getting Started with Universal](#getting-started)
- [Packages](#packages)
- [Universal "Gotchas"](#universal-gotchas)
- [Preboot](#preboot)
- [What's in a name?](#whats-in-a-name)
- [Universal Team](#universal-team)
- [License](#license)

---

# Introduction

The Angular Universal project is a community driven project to expand on the core APIs from Angular (platform-server) to enable developers to do server side rendering of Angular applications in a variety of scenarios.

This repository will host the various tools like engines to integrate with various backends(NodeJS, ASP.NET etc.) and also extra modules and examples to help you started with server side rendering.

The Universal project is driven by community contributions. Please check [our contributing guidelines](https://github.com/angular/universal/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and send us your Pull Requests!

# Getting Started

[Angular Universal Guide](https://angular.io/guide/universal)

# Packages

The packages from this repo are published as scoped packages under [@nguniversal](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=%40nguniversal)

- [@nguniversal/common](/modules/common/README.md)
- [@nguniversal/builders](/modules/builders/README.md)
- [@nguniversal/express-engine](/modules/express-engine/README.md)
- [@nguniversal/aspnetcore-engine](/modules/aspnetcore-engine/README.md)
- [@nguniversal/hapi-engine](/modules/hapi-engine/README.md)
- [@nguniversal/socket-engine](/modules/socket-engine)

# Universal "Gotchas"

Moved to [/docs/gotchas.md](/docs/gotchas.md)

# Preboot

Control server-rendered page and transfer state before client-side web app loads to the client-side-app. [Repo](https://github.com/angular/preboot)

# What's in a name?

We believe that using the word "universal" is correct when referring to a JavaScript Application that runs in more environments than the browser. (inspired by [Universal JavaScript](https://medium.com/@mjackson/universal-javascript-4761051b7ae9))

# Universal Team

- [Adam Plumer](https://github.com/CaerusKaru) and [Fabian Wiles](https://github.com/Toxicable) - Current maintainers
- [PatrickJS](https://twitter.com/gdi2290) and [Jeff Whelpley](https://twitter.com/jeffwhelpley) - Founders of the Angular Universal project. (Universal rendering is also called [PatrickJS-ing](https://twitter.com/jeffbcross/status/846512930971516928))
- [Mark Pieszak](https://twitter.com/MarkPieszak) - Contributor and Evangelist, ASP.NET Core Engine
- [Jason Jean](https://github.com/FrozenPandaz) - Express engine and Universal support for CLI
- [Wassim Chegham](https://twitter.com/manekinekko) - Contributor and Evangelist, Hapi engine developer.
  - [Angular for the rest of us](https://medium.com/google-developer-experts/angular-universal-for-the-rest-of-us-922ca8bac84)
  - [Angular outside the browser](http://slides.com/wassimchegham/angular2-universal#/)
- [Jeff Cross](https://twitter.com/jeffbcross) - Evangelist and performance consultant
- [Keen Yee Liau](https://twitter.com/liauky) and [Alex Rickabaugh](https://github.com/alxhub) - Angular Core API

# License

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](/LICENSE)
